README.MD, before:

# Read Me before you start the project!!!!

## Wrok with github

1. Clone this repository to your local folder.
2. Remember to <b>PULL</b> before editting and adding new files. (the Fetch origin function of Github Desktop)
3. Save, commit, and push!!!

## How to use the template?

1. Duplicate the template.html, rename it <b>firstname_lastname.html</b>. Put it in the <a href="https://github.com/uglykiki/art75-2020-exhibition/tree/master/html">html folder</a>
2. Name your images as <b>firstname_lastname1.jpg, firstname_lastname2.jpg, firstname_lastname3.jpg.....</b>. Put them in the <a href="https://github.com/uglykiki/art75-2020-exhibition/tree/master/images">images folder</a>
3. Name your 3D model <b>firstnam_lastname.obj</b>, put it in the <a href="https://github.com/uglykiki/art75-2020-exhibition/tree/master/assets">assets folder</a>
4. Name your 3D material, texture <b>firstnam_lastname.jpg</b>, put it in the <a href="https://github.com/uglykiki/art75-2020-exhibition/tree/master/assets">assets folder</a>
5. If you are going to use a custom css to modify your page, name it <b>firstname_lastname.css</b>, put it in the <a href="https://github.com/uglykiki/art75-2020-exhibition/tree/master/css">css folder</a>
6. Check your html file again, make sure all the pathes of your images, css are right. Then save, commit, and push.

# Preview the WebVR Film

Run HTTP Server: python -m SimpleHTTPServer

# Example of Virtual Museum

1. [Panthermodern](http://panthermodern.org/about.html)
2. [Digital Museum of Digital Art](https://dimoda.art/past-exhibitions)
3. [Tzina](http://tzina.space/)
4. [Art At Time Like This](https://artatatimelikethis.com/)
5. [Uncensored Library](https://uncensoredlibrary.com/en)

# Resource for This project

1. [A-Frame](https://aframe.io/docs/1.0.0/introduction/)
2. [A-Frame Entity Component System](https://aframe.io/docs/1.0.0/introduction/entity-component-system.html#example)
3. [a-frame-terrain-component](https://github.com/bryik/aframe-terrain-model-component)
4. [A-frame Particle System](https://github.com/IdeaSpaceVR/aframe-particle-system-component)
5. [A-frame Environment Component](https://github.com/supermedium/aframe-environment-component)

Commit message:

update documents, template.html, to-do list.

README.MD, after:

# Read Me before you start the project!!!!
## Basic project Structure
1. A WebVR home page(index.html) contains many clickable mini museums(3dmodel, obj files)
2. Every mini-museum links to a responsive webpage that shows the artist's works. 
3. An about page(about.html) shows the statement of this exhibition and a list of participant artists

## Wrok with github
1. Clone this repository to your local folder.
2. Remember to <b>PULL</b> before editting and adding new files. (the Fetch origin function of Github Desktop)
3. Save, commit, and push!!!

## How to use the template?
1. Duplicate the template.html, rename it <b>firstname_lastname.html</b>. Put it in the <a href="https://github.com/uglykiki/art75-2020-exhibition/tree/master/html">html folder</a>
2. Name your images as <b>firstname_lastname1.jpg, firstname_lastname2.jpg, firstname_lastname3.jpg.....</b>. Put them in the <a href="https://github.com/uglykiki/art75-2020-exhibition/tree/master/images">images folder</a>
3. Name your 3D model <b>firstnam_lastname.obj</b>, put it in the <a href="https://github.com/uglykiki/art75-2020-exhibition/tree/master/assets">assets folder</a>
4. Name your 3D material, texture <b>firstnam_lastname.jpg</b>, put it in the <a href="https://github.com/uglykiki/art75-2020-exhibition/tree/master/assets">assets folder</a>
5. If you are going to use a custom css to modify your page, name it <b>firstname_lastname.css</b>, put it in the <a href="https://github.com/uglykiki/art75-2020-exhibition/tree/master/css">css folder</a>
6. Don't Upload video here, it's always too big!!! Embed your video through YouTube!
7. Check your html file again, make sure all the pathes of your images, css are right. Then save, commit, and push.

# To Preview the WebVR 
Please run HTTP Server: `python -m SimpleHTTPServer`

# Example of Virtual Museum
1. [Panthermodern](http://panthermodern.org/about.html)
2. [Digital Museum of Digital Art](https://dimoda.art/past-exhibitions)
3. [Tzina](http://tzina.space/)
4. [Art At Time Like This](https://artatatimelikethis.com/)
5. [Uncensored Library](https://uncensoredlibrary.com/en)

# Resource for This project
1. [A-Frame](https://aframe.io/docs/1.0.0/introduction/)
2. [A-Frame Entity Component System](https://aframe.io/docs/1.0.0/introduction/entity-component-system.html#example)
3. [a-frame-terrain-component](https://github.com/bryik/aframe-terrain-model-component)
4. [A-frame Particle System](https://github.com/IdeaSpaceVR/aframe-particle-system-component)
5. [A-frame Environment Component](https://github.com/supermedium/aframe-environment-component)

# To-do
[ ]Fix Cursor Issue
[ ]Add Camera movement
[ ]A-frame Menu (Link to About page )
[ ]Responsive Design!!
